# Taamas' Mainpage

A locally hosted webpage to use as a browser home page.

## Description

This is a simple, minimalist mainpage. It consists of a title, a background and
some buttons for search fields in selected webpages. When a button is clicked,
the corresponding search box appears and the others are hidden.

## Configuration

For the mainpage to work, the home page of the browser must be set to the path
of `index.html`, for example `file:///home/username/.mainpage/index.html`.

The background image to be loaded must be named `bg.jpg` and be located in a
folder named `img` which has to be in the same folder as `index.html`. This can
be customized editing the `background-image: url(../img/bg.jpg);` line in
`css/style.css`.

To change the title, edit the `<h1>Taamas' mainpage</h1>` line in `index.html`.

The search fields loaded are determined by a file in the root of the page
directory named `urls`. The syntax of given urls is as follows:

```
'[mnemonic]': '[url]' #[name]
```

* `mnemonic` is the text on the button.
* `url` is the search url and has to contain `{}`, which will be subtituted by
  search terms.
* `name` can be used as a reminder of the target web name and will appear as the
  search box background.

In my case, this file is generated by a command executed by vim when I save the
configuration file of qutebrowser, where my preferred search engines are stored:

```bash
autocmd BufWritePost ~/.config/qutebrowser/config.py !grep -e \'.*\':\ \'.*{}.*\' "$HOME/.config/qutebrowser/config.py" | grep -v DEFAULT | sed 's/,//; s/^\ *//' > ~/.mainpage/urls
```

The repo includes a file named `urlsExample`. This file can be edited to
configure the prefered search fields. Remember to rename it to `urls` afterwards
or create a new `urls` file. The `urlsExample` serves just as a guide for syntax
and is not used by the page in any way, so it can be removed safely.
